Internet privacy has gained widespread attention in recent years. To measure the degree to which people are concerned about hot-button issues like Internet privacy, social scientists conduct polls in which they interview a large number of people about the topic. In this assignment, we will analyze data from a July 2013 Pew Internet and American Life Project poll on Internet anonymity and privacy, which involved interviews across the United States.

The dataset has the following fields (all Internet use-related fields were only collected from interviewees who either use the Internet or have a smartphone):

Internet.Use: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee uses the Internet, at least occasionally (equals 1 if the interviewee uses the Internet, and equals 0 if the interviewee does not use the Internet).
Smartphone: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee has a smartphone (equals 1 if they do have a smartphone, and equals 0 if they don't have a smartphone).
Sex: Male or Female.
Age: Age in years.
State: State of residence of the interviewee.
Region: Census region of the interviewee (Midwest, Northeast, South, or West).
Conservativeness: Self-described level of conservativeness of interviewee, from 1 (very liberal) to 5 (very conservative).
Info.On.Internet: Number of the following items this interviewee believes to be available on the Internet for others to see: (1) Their email address; (2) Their home address; (3) Their home phone number; (4) Their cell phone number; (5) The employer/company they work for; (6) Their political party or political affiliation; (7) Things they've written that have their name on it; (8) A photo of them; (9) A video of them; (10) Which groups or organizations they belong to; and (11) Their birth date.
Worry.About.Info: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee worries about how much information is available about them on the Internet (equals 1 if they worry, and equals 0 if they don't worry).
Privacy.Importance: A score from 0 (privacy is not too important) to 100 (privacy is very important), which combines the degree to which they find privacy important in the following: (1) The websites they browse; (2) Knowledge of the place they are located when they use the Internet; (3) The content and files they download; (4) The times of day they are online; (5) The applications or programs they use; (6) The searches they perform; (7) The content of their email; (8) The people they exchange email with; and (9) The content of their online chats or hangouts with others.
Anonymity.Possible: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee thinks it's possible to use the Internet anonymously, meaning in such a way that online activities can't be traced back to them (equals 1 if he/she believes you can, and equals 0 if he/she believes you can't).
Tried.Masking.Identity: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee has ever tried to mask his/her identity when using the Internet (equals 1 if he/she has tried to mask his/her identity, and equals 0 if he/she has not tried to mask his/her identity).
Privacy.Laws.Effective: A binary variable indicating if the interviewee believes United States law provides reasonable privacy protection for Internet users (equals 1 if he/she believes it does, and equals 0 if he/she believes it doesn't).