detecting vandalism on wikipedia
Wikipedia is a free online encyclopedia that anyone can edit and contribute to. It is available in many languages and is growing all the time. On the English language version of Wikipedia:

There are currently 4.7 million pages.
There have been a total over 760 million edits (also called revisions) over its lifetime.
There are approximately 130,000 edits per day.
One of the consequences of being editable by anyone is that some people vandalize pages. This can take the form of removing content, adding promotional or inappropriate content, or more subtle shifts that change the meaning of the article. With this many articles and edits per day it is difficult for humans to detect all instances of vandalism and revert (undo) them. As a result, Wikipedia uses bots - computer programs that automatically revert edits that look like vandalism. In this assignment we will attempt to develop a vandalism detector that uses machine learning to distinguish between a valid edit and vandalism.

The data for this problem is based on the revision history of the page Language. Wikipedia provides a history for each page that consists of the state of the page at each revision. Rather than manually considering each revision, a script was run that checked whether edits stayed or were reverted. If a change was eventually reverted then that revision is marked as vandalism. This may result in some misclassifications, but the script performs well enough for our needs.

As a result of this preprocessing, some common processing tasks have already been done, including lower-casing and punctuation removal. The columns in the dataset are:

Vandal = 1 if this edit was vandalism, 0 if not.
Minor = 1 if the user marked this edit as a "minor edit", 0 if not.
Loggedin = 1 if the user made this edit while using a Wikipedia account, 0 if they did not.
Added = The unique words added.
Removed = The unique words removed.
Notice the repeated use of unique. The data we have available is not the traditional bag of words - rather it is the set of words that were removed or added. For example, if a word was removed multiple times in a revision it will only appear one time in the "Removed" column.